#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with python 3.8
# To update, run:
#
#    pip-compile
#
absl-py==1.0.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
aiohttp==3.8.1
    # via python-binance
aiosignal==1.2.0
    # via aiohttp
astunparse==1.6.3
    # via tensorflow
async-timeout==4.0.2
    # via aiohttp
attrs==21.4.0
    # via aiohttp
backports-zoneinfo==0.2.1
    # via
    #   pytz-deprecation-shim
    #   tzlocal
binance==0.3
    # via BTCBOT (setup.py)
cachetools==5.0.0
    # via google-auth
certifi==2021.10.8
    # via requests
charset-normalizer==2.0.12
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   requests
cmdstanpy==0.9.5
    # via fbprophet
convertdate==2.4.0
    # via
    #   fbprophet
    #   holidays
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
cython==0.29.28
    # via
    #   fbprophet
    #   pystan
dateparser==1.1.0
    # via python-binance
datetime==4.4
    # via BTCBOT (setup.py)
ephem==4.1.3
    # via lunarcalendar
fbprophet==0.7.1
    # via BTCBOT (setup.py)
flatbuffers==2.0
    # via tensorflow
fonttools==4.29.1
    # via matplotlib
frozenlist==1.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
gast==0.5.3
    # via tensorflow
google-auth==2.6.0
    # via
    #   google-auth-oauthlib
    #   pydata-google-auth
    #   tensorboard
google-auth-oauthlib==0.4.6
    # via
    #   pydata-google-auth
    #   tensorboard
google-pasta==0.2.0
    # via tensorflow
grpcio==1.44.0
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
h5py==3.6.0
    # via tensorflow
hijri-converter==2.2.3
    # via holidays
holidays==0.13
    # via fbprophet
idna==3.3
    # via
    #   requests
    #   yarl
importlib-metadata==4.11.2
    # via markdown
joblib==1.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
keras==2.8.0
    # via
    #   BTCBOT (setup.py)
    #   tensorflow
keras-preprocessing==1.1.2
    # via tensorflow
kiwisolver==1.3.2
    # via matplotlib
korean-lunar-calendar==0.2.1
    # via holidays
libclang==13.0.0
    # via tensorflow
lunarcalendar==0.0.9
    # via fbprophet
markdown==3.3.6
    # via tensorboard
matplotlib==3.5.1
    # via
    #   BTCBOT (setup.py)
    #   fbprophet
    #   seaborn
multidict==6.0.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
numpy==1.22.2
    # via
    #   BTCBOT (setup.py)
    #   cmdstanpy
    #   fbprophet
    #   h5py
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   matplotlib
    #   opt-einsum
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   pystan
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scipy
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
oauthlib==3.2.0
    # via requests-oauthlib
opt-einsum==3.3.0
    # via tensorflow
packaging==21.3
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   statsmodels
pandas==1.4.1
    # via
    #   BTCBOT (setup.py)
    #   cmdstanpy
    #   fbprophet
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
patsy==0.5.2
    # via statsmodels
pillow==9.0.1
    # via matplotlib
protobuf==3.19.4
    # via
    #   tensorboard
    #   tensorflow
pyasn1==0.4.8
    # via
    #   pyasn1-modules
    #   rsa
pyasn1-modules==0.2.8
    # via google-auth
pydata-google-auth==1.3.0
    # via BTCBOT (setup.py)
pymeeus==0.5.11
    # via convertdate
pyparsing==3.0.7
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   packaging
pystan==2.19.1.1
    # via
    #   BTCBOT (setup.py)
    #   fbprophet
python-binance==1.0.15
    # via BTCBOT (setup.py)
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   dateparser
    #   fbprophet
    #   holidays
    #   lunarcalendar
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2021.3
    # via
    #   dateparser
    #   datetime
    #   lunarcalendar
    #   pandas
pytz-deprecation-shim==0.1.0.post0
    # via tzlocal
regex==2022.3.2
    # via dateparser
requests==2.27.1
    # via
    #   python-binance
    #   requests-oauthlib
    #   tensorboard
requests-oauthlib==1.3.1
    # via google-auth-oauthlib
rsa==4.8
    # via google-auth
scikit-learn==1.0.2
    # via sklearn
scipy==1.8.0
    # via
    #   scikit-learn
    #   seaborn
    #   statsmodels
seaborn==0.11.2
    # via BTCBOT (setup.py)
setuptools-git==1.2
    # via fbprophet
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   absl-py
    #   astunparse
    #   google-auth
    #   google-pasta
    #   grpcio
    #   keras-preprocessing
    #   patsy
    #   python-binance
    #   python-dateutil
    #   tensorflow
sklearn==0.0
    # via BTCBOT (setup.py)
statsmodels==0.13.2
    # via BTCBOT (setup.py)
tensorboard==2.8.0
    # via tensorflow
tensorboard-data-server==0.6.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorboard-plugin-wit==1.8.1
    # via tensorboard
tensorflow==2.8.0
    # via BTCBOT (setup.py)
tensorflow-io-gcs-filesystem==0.24.0
    # via tensorflow
termcolor==1.1.0
    # via tensorflow
tf-estimator-nightly==2.8.0.dev2021122109
    # via tensorflow
threadpoolctl==3.1.0
    # via scikit-learn
tqdm==4.63.0
    # via fbprophet
typing-extensions==4.1.1
    # via tensorflow
tzdata==2021.5
    # via pytz-deprecation-shim
tzlocal==4.1
    # via dateparser
ujson==5.1.0
    # via python-binance
urllib3==1.26.8
    # via requests
websockets==9.1
    # via python-binance
werkzeug==2.0.3
    # via tensorboard
wheel==0.37.1
    # via
    #   astunparse
    #   tensorboard
wrapt==1.13.3
    # via tensorflow
yarl==1.7.2
    # via aiohttp
zipp==3.7.0
    # via importlib-metadata
zope-interface==5.4.0
    # via datetime

# The following packages are considered to be unsafe in a requirements file:
# setuptools
